Updating Kyma local installation documents with Kyma CLI (#4117)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/04-07-local-installation-deprecated.md

Use the `minikube.sh` script to restart the Minikube cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Follow these steps to stop and restart your cluster:

1. Stop the Minikube cluster with Kyma installed. Run:
  ```
  minikube stop
  ```
2. Restart the cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Run:
    <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
      MacOS
      </summary>

      ```
      ./scripts/minikube.sh --domain "kyma.local" --vm-driver hyperkit
      ```
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>
      Linux
      </summary>

      ```
      ./scripts/minikube.sh --domain "kyma.local" --vm-driver virtualbox
      ```
      </details>
    </div>

The script discovers that a Minikube cluster is initialized and asks if you want to delete it. Answering `no` causes the script to start the Minikube cluster and restarts all of the previously installed components. Even though this procedure takes some time, it is faster than a clean installation as you don't download all of the required Docker images.

To verify that the restart is successful, run this command and check if all Pods have the `RUNNING` status:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

> ## Enable Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA)

Reviewer: What about this section? It looks important. Perhaps it should be copied to the main document for local installation?

Author: if you mean "nable Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA)", this is enabled OOB with CLI and nothing todo additionally to enable it

---
title: Install Kyma locally
type: Installation
---

> >**WARNING:** Deprecated TBD

Reviewer 2: Please write something so that technical write how to pimp it.

Installation based on scripts are deprecated, please use installation based on Kyma CLI, see XXX. The installation based on scripts will be removed with Kyma 1.4

> >**WARNING:** Will be deprecated {TBD} with Kyma release 1.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).
```

> >**WARNING:** Will be deprecated {TBD} with Kyma release 1.14

Reviewer 4: We can't really have a {TBD} and a message that basically says that "it's gonna stop working some day". If the CLI is functional right now, then switch to it right now. Keeping two installation instructions living side by side makes this simple process more complicated than it should be. 

For me, there should be a single document describing the installation. Otherwise all of the simplification efforts taken recently basically go to waste and we're back in ConfuseTown.

Reviewer 2: The idea is to have it deprecated since 1.4 and then delete it. So giving the people a smoother adoption phase instead of having a hard cut. It will be deleted with 1.4. That should be the message, nothing TBD.

> >**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).

Reviewer 4: 1. We don't have "WARNING" notes - "CAUTION" notes are available, though. 
2. Please re-think the deprecation message. I don't think that stating the exact cutoff release is the right way to go.

---
title: Install Kyma locally (Scripts)
type: Installation
---

> >**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).

Reviewer 4: This document is not deprecated, but the flow it describes is.

> >**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION**: This document describes a deprecated flow. Follow [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally) to install locally using the Kyma CLI.
```

To verify that the restart is successful, run this command and check if all Pods have the `RUNNING` status:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

## Enable Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA)

By default, the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) is not enabled in your local Kyma installation, so you need to enable it manually.

Kyma uses the `autoscaling/v1` stable version, which supports only CPU autoscaling. Once enabled, HPA automatically scales the number of lambda function Pods based on the observed CPU utilization.

>**NOTE:** The `autoscaling/v1` version does not support custom metrics. To use such metrics, you need the `autoscaling/v2beta1` version.

Follow these steps to enable HPA:

1. Enable the metrics server for resource metrics by running the following command:
  ```
  minikube addons enable metrics-server
  ```

2. Verify if the metrics server is active by checking the list of addons:
  ```
  minikube addons list
  ```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer 4: Please remove troubleshooting from this doc - it's extracted to a separate doc. topic now.
